EPISODE 10
Recalculating route.
Hey. Hey!
Darn it.
Where on earth does Bom live
that even the GPS is confused?
44-5 HAEEUN-GIL, SHINSU-EUP, JUAN-GUN
Is it that one?
What on earth?
It's so slow.
Gosh.
Why is it going so slow?
This will take forever.
All right.
Shall we get up?
Oh, no. What do I do?
This is bad.
That darn brat Yoon Bom!
She'll be the end of me!
God, please help me.
If you let me live,
I will forgive my daughter and my haters.
If you're too busy to come save me,
please send someone reliable
in your stead.
Are you okay? Are you hurt?
What is your name?
Goodness.
Thank you so much for saving me.
By the way,
I'm asking just in case.
Do you know who I…
You're actress Jeong Nan-hee.
What brought you to the countryside?
Oh, my.
So you knew.
I thought you might not recognize me.
My high school friend…
Someone I knew was a huge fan of yours.
We were together all the time,
so I watched your movies a lot.
I thought it'd make you uncomfortable
if I recognized you.
That's why.
You're incredibly strong,
not to mention incredibly thoughtful.
Please.
You see, I came here to find someone.
I don't think you can.
The suspension is broken.
My, my.
Put these on.
As soon as the car's fixed,
they'll call you.
Please, come in.
I'm not sure
if I should inconvenience you like this.
You see, rumors spread faster in Shinsu
than they do on the Internet.
Besides, you're a celebrity.
Where would you go?
- Then I'll accept the offer.
- Sure.
FILIAL PIETY AWARD
Who are you really?
You're strong and thoughtful.
And you've raised your son really well.
Han-gyul's received so many awards
since he was little,
I use small awards
as trivets for hot bowls,
and silver medals to prop up
wobbly dressers. You know?
I guess you haven't eaten.
Right.
I have some gaengsigi porridge.
Do you want some jeongguji pancakes
with a side of jaeraegi?
That's so rhythmic.
I didn't understand any of that.
But the way you say it is so poetic.
Hello?
You got home safe, right?
I was wondering
what time you'll come for Bom-sik.
I'm sorry, but I have a guest at home.
I understand.
Then I'll stop by after school.
It's delicious.
What's the secret behind the flavor?
Who is that?
It was a woman's voice.
Can you recommend things to do
on a first date?
Wow, a first date. That's so exciting.
How about doing something casual
like going to the movies?
Want to go to the movies?
Is there anything you want to watch?
The movies?
What does it mean if a man asks
to go to the movies on a first date?
Asking you to go to the movies
may sound like something casual,
but he could have other intentions.
For instance, using the dark theater
as an excuse for physical contact.
Physical contact?
How about A Killer's Dinner?
A Killer's Dinner?
She wants to watch a horror movie.
Wow, that's a good sign.
If she wants to watch a horror movie,
it might mean
she wants to see
if you're reliable and considerate
- in a scary situation.
- Considerate?
Reliable?
I'll buy the tickets. You just come.
"You just come"?
He sounds so enthusiastic.
What's he thinking of doing
on a first date?
What are you listening to?
Oh, nothing.
What? Did the guest leave?
The gate is open.
Mr. Sun. Mr. Sun Jae-gyu.
Let's go.
Bom-sik, how about we surprise Daddy?
Jae-gyu!
Oh, my!
Mom.
What's going on?
Why are you in this house?
That's what I should ask you.
Why are you here, Mom?
Hold on.
Is that man the one you're seeing?
Did you hire a PI or something?
How on earth did you know
who I'm seeing and where he lives?
God, you're such a terrible daughter.
You may hate me,
but I came all the way here to see you.
Shouldn't you hold back your anger?
I held back and buried it,
like you told me to.
Since actress Jeong Nan-hee's life
is greater than a teacher's life.
As a lowly daughter, I didn't want to harm
your perfect career as an actress,
so I did as you said,
knowing it would ruin my life.
And by doing that, I believe I did
more than enough as a daughter.
So, please,
let's live our own lives from now on.
This is for the ticket I asked for.
Thank you for your help.
Ms. Jeong Nan-hee.
My goodness.
I guess I missed a fun sight
while checking on the car.
I see that you two already met.
The bill's settled, so please leave.
My own daughter's worse than the haters.
Saying that to your mom.
"Mom"?
So are you saying your daughter...
is Ms. Bom? Is that it?
Oh, my goodness.
I had no idea. I just helped you
because your car broke down.
Let me greet you properly.
I'm Sun Jae-gyu.
How could you meet a guy like this
in a nowhere town?
Ms. Jeong.
Just earlier, you called me your hero,
saying I was a hidden gem
who was well-built, thoughtful,
and poetic in the way I spoke.
That was when you were just a stranger.
Could you tell me
what you don't like about me specifically?
First of all, you have a kid.
He's my nephew.
You're more dad-like than most.
Plus, your muscles are too big.
I'll lose some of them.
And I can't understand your dialect.
My mother was from Seoul, so…
Hello. I'm Sun Jae-gyu.
I can speak
in a Seoul accent if I want to.
In any case, I don't like your face.
Your outfit and hairstyle too.
I told you to leave.
Ms. Bom.
I'm going.
Geez.
Now I've paid you for the food
and for letting me sleep here,
so no malicious comments online. Okay?
Ms. Jeong.
How can I take this?
If you follow her out,
we're through.
But…
Still, how could you come to my office?
What if Ms. Bom finds out
about you and me?
Since it's come to this, I don't care.
What about me?
What if she finds out
that I've been in touch with you?
She'll be furious.
She made a fuss,
asking who told me where she lives.
You should leave.
If she sees us here like this,
she'll only get more hurt.
Don't you see how I'm hurt?
You're the president
of The Chronicles of Nan-hee, my fancafe,
not Yoon Bom's.
Don't worry about anything else,
and tell me who he is and what he does.
In every detail.
He's your archenemy.
You said he ran off with your money.
Just what happened between you two?
What happened?
Did he beat you again?
If I stayed home,
one of two things would happen, so I left.
Either he'd end up killing me…
or I'd end up killing him.
That would never happen.
Because…
I'll help you escape from your father.
And how will you do that?
I haven't heard from my sister,
and Han-gyul can't even walk yet.
And I have no money
even if I did want to run away.
You…
Did you steal it?
Where did you get so much money?
Honey.
He came in first on every midterm exam.
Look. Here.
- Here.
- Really?
Dad.
You promised to buy me a car
if I got into Hanguk University.
With these grades, I'm sure I'll get in.
Can I get the money
for the car in advance?
Answer my question.
Where did you get so much money?
Buddy.
I earned this fair and square,
so don't worry,
and study hard.
This is enough for your tuition.
Are you telling me to go to college?
If we go to college in Seoul,
we can do whatever we want.
I can escape from my father...
and you from yours.
This is terrible.
I hear Jae-gyu's house is on fire.
There are fire trucks and police cars.
It's total chaos.
Oh, no. It looks like
the father didn't make it.
What about Jae-gyu?
What about Sun Jae-gyu, the son?
- He must've run off.
- Watch what you say.
You don't know what happened.
The father comes home wasted every day
and beats the son up.
So how can he be in his right mind?
I wouldn't put up with it.
Are you saying the son ran off
after setting the house on fire?
You're a Haechon High student, right?
Do you know Sun Jae-gyu?
Hey!
What is it? What happened between you two?
Go.
I'm sure you're rich enough to call a cab
or even a chopper to go home.
I won't.
Why not?
If you won't tell me,
I'll find out myself.
I cleared my schedule anyway.
While I'm here, I'll find out what kind
of person that Sun Jae-gyu guy really is.
Listen. It's true
that I approached you on purpose,
but I wasn't lying about how I felt.
When I'm with you,
I have fun and feel happy and…
I get butterflies.
You're disturbing my workout. Leave.
I mean, if I didn't, why would I spend
my time and money meeting you?
We were both lonely,
so let's say we made a mistake
and part ways now.
Master, what do I do next?
Dump him. No, I mean...
We'll do a technical stand up.
Hye-suk, I don't want to part ways.
I know we didn't get off to a good start,
but we can build a good relationship
since we rely on each other.
Do that with me.
Pardon? Do what?
Build a good relationship.
There's no one waiting
for me at home either.
I'm bored, so this is nice.
On weekends, let's go to an amusement park
and go to the movies.
What… Why would I go
to the movies with you?
If you don't like that,
- how about my place?
- Your place?
How about tonight? Want to come over
and have ramyeon with me?
No. Gosh.
Well, I'm intermittent fasting right now.
Well, then. Goodbye.
Why are you following me?
I'm just walking you home.
Why would you?
Because I'm worried
that jerk might bother you again.
Do you have feelings for me?
What do you mean?
Let me make it clear.
There won't be any more men in my life.
I've learned my lesson.
I'm no longer interested in men,
and I've lost my confidence.
Do you think I'm confident?
You're two years older than me,
you're divorced, and you have kids.
I mean, there's nothing I like about you.
Exactly! You just pointed out
my flaws one by one.
I wouldn't like me if I were you.
Now I know you're not interested.
But I can't help it. I'll give it a shot.
Are you mocking me or saying you like me?
Look.
I don't date a woman
without marriage in mind.
Marriage?
I don't know
if I can overcome the obstacles.
But I've become drawn to you
while bickering with you.
I don't know if the twins will grow on me.
I'll buy them meals and play soccer
with them. I want to try my best!
If it still doesn't work,
I'll give up on my own.
So don't worry.
I'll confess my feeling for you then.
Come on, let's go.
Why are you…
The dream…
is back.
You mentioned
a colleague of your colleague
who got assaulted by a parent.
I put together the legal briefs
and court rulings from cases I worked on.
COURT RULINGS ON TEACHER ASSAULT
Is it because I recalled it after a while
or…
because I saw my mom?
Yes, Mr. Sun.
How many dishes did you order?
This is pork cutlet with demi-glace.
And this is katsudon.
Pork cutlets are roughly
categorized into two types.
Thick ones with meat as a main ingredient.
And thin ones focusing on crispiness.
Which type do you prefer?
Crispy ones, of course.
Okay.
As expected, crispy ones are so good.
Gosh, it's so thick and juicy, isn't it?
By any chance,
did what my mom said yesterday
hurt your feelings?
Speaking of which, why are you
wearing different clothes? And your hair…
I don't even remember what she said.
Don't worry.
What about you? I feel like
you fought with her because of me.
What's wrong?
Nothing. Let's eat.
I figured you might be upset
about what happened yesterday,
so I thought about
how to make you feel better
But when you feel down,
there's no special cure.
Eating something delicious
and sweating it out.
The simplest method is the best.
All right.
By sweating it out,
did you mean it literally?
You can't take everything as a metaphor.
What should I have you do
to make you sweat?
Are there any skills you want to learn?
Yes.
Skills I need... to protect myself.
Good.
I'll teach you properly,
so do your best, okay?
Now, attack me.
Block it like this,
pull the arm like this,
and choke the neck like this!
Choke your opponent from behind
and kick the knee pit,
- then it's a rear choke.
- Stop.
Understand? Got it?
All right. Look at me.
Yes! Pull!
Come on. Your right leg should move
to the back like this.
Okay? Again.
- I see.
- All right.
Hold! Yes!
Choke!
- From behind. What's next?
- Next?
- The knee pit!
- What?
Ms. Jeong.
Let go of me. Let go.
What on earth are you doing here?
That Sun Jae-gyu guy is terrible.
He's teaching her how to fight,
to become a thug.
I should confess.
Confess what?
Your feelings for Bom?
I believed I could be helpful
because I like Bom.
I wanted to help you two
clear up your misunderstanding
and make up.
But as a result, it's gotten worse.
Before it's too late,
I'll go tell Bom everything about us.
Hey, Attorney Choi. Choi I-jun!
What? Oh, no!
I'm so sorry. Are you okay?
I'm sorry.
Oh, no. Are you okay?
I'm so sorry.
I thought it was Mr. Sun
trying to make me practice.
- Are you hurt?
- I'm fine.
Though my pride is a bit bruised.
Choi I-jun?
I'm here because I have something
to tell Ms. Bom.
That's good.
I also have something to tell you.
The documents you gave me,
the colleague of my colleague
finally read them today.
The colleague of your colleague?
I'm glad she read them.
Anyway…
She said she'd make up her mind soon.
Is that so?
If she comes to consult me,
I'll kindly help her.
You must be busy,
yet you're trying to help.
Thank you so much, Mr. Choi.
What? What's wrong?
The thing you taught me…
I did it to him.
- Good job.
- Let me have…
For instance, using the dark theater
as an excuse for physical contact.
Wow, my makeup's done so well today.
This is the only way I can get that glow.
Did you wait long?
You look…
pretty today.
Not just today.
I'm planning to keep being pretty.
What are you doing? Follow me.
Physical contact…
Considerate. Reliable.
Oh, no!
I figured you'd be scared,
so I brought this.
Hold it.
The movie was so fun. Right?
I'm not sure.
My heart felt cold,
and so did my hands, so…
Did you… feel cold?
Hey.
Finally.
Choi Se-jin!
What are you doing?
- That brat…
- You…
- Goodness.
- I…
finally held your hand, and I got busted.
Didn't you skip your tutoring
because you were unwell?
Come on.
Finals ended just two days ago.
Goodness.
Hello.
I'm Sun Han-gyul, Se-jin's classmate.
Gosh. You should study at times like this
to catch up with the top student.
While you're having fun with a boy,
don't you think he must be studying?
He's not studying today either.
Really.
Says her friend
who's nothing but handsome.
Dad.
In any case, Choi Se-jin,
if you come second once again,
I will transfer you to another school.
That will never happen.
What?
Se-jin worked really hard for finals.
She was always the last one
to leave the library
and went over the workbooks
again and again.
And she read the textbooks
until they were worn out.
She never went out for tteokbokki
with her friends because she was studying,
and she even brought
her English notes to the restroom.
Se-jin.
Don't worry. You worked so hard.
You deserve to be the top student.
Where on earth are you?
The schedule on set is all messed up
because of you.
Oh, he's out.
I'll call you later.
Bye.
Is he unemployed or what?
Where is he going at this hour?
What?
Where did he go?
Hey. Let's stop here.
Yesterday was leg day,
so my legs are sore.
Who are you, following me like this?
What? Did he know I was following him?
If you go that way,
you might get into an accident.
Oh, no! Mr. Sun!
Oh, no.
Mr. Sun! Wake up!
Isn't that Han-gyul's uncle?
Hey. Call 911.
LEGAL BRIEFS
Ms. Bom!
Hey, what is it? What's wrong?
Han-gyul's uncle got hit by a car
and has been taken to the hospital.
What?
Is he seriously hurt?
Han-gyul's uncle... got hurt?
It might be a concussion.
When you hit your head hard,
it's common
to lose consciousness like this.
It might be an epidural hemorrhage.
When my aunt had a car accident,
she looked fine on the outside,
but she fell into a coma
because of the hemorrhage.
But he's not moving at all.
Maybe he's not in a coma
but in a vegetative state.
Boss!
- Hey.
- What?
This is why I kept telling you
to stop stepping up so recklessly
for others.
It's not the time for this.
Hey, guys. Is the car okay?
- Sorry?
- What?
If he was brought to the hospital,
I bet the car's bumper or door
must be broken. Right?
You're worried about the car?
It's been over an hour,
but he hasn't woken up.
Oh, no, Jae-gyu.
I'm sure he's fine.
- Uncle!
- Are you okay?
Hey. He's alive!
He's okay!
Are you all here for me?
I'm fine, so you can go back.
Thank you for worrying about me. Hey.
Gosh, is it a party or what?
Doctor.
What about the test results?
Are your bones and tendons
made of iron and concrete?
A car hit you, but you don't
even have a crack in your bones.
Look.
In my 17 years as a doctor,
I've never seen such a beautiful scan.
His head and neck are totally fine.
Let me check where you have pain.
Where I have pain? Oh, here.
Come on, be gentle.
That's it?
What's that?
It won't leave a scar, will it?
If you got enough sleep, you can go home.
But while you're here, finish the IV.
Gosh, this is like a piece of art.
I want to keep a copy.
- Let me see you. Let me.
- What?
I'm fine.
By the way, what about the woman he saved?
Did you see her face?
She was wearing a cap this low,
so I couldn't see the face at all.
How could she not even show her face?
All right. I'm fine, so you can all leave.
Thank you, Mr. Hong. Bye.
- Don't do that.
- Phillip, go.
Excuse me.
I'd like to pay Sun Jae-gyu's bill.
Isn't Han-gyul's uncle just amazing?
She must have no conscience or shame.
What kind of person runs off
when someone's hurt because of her?
Well, she must have her reasons.
It's finished.
You can go home after paying your bill.
Thank you.
What reasons?
You saved her life.
Shouldn't she show her face at least?
We should report people like her
to the police.
- No, you can't.
- Why not?
Well…
To tell the truth, she is…
She is…
Mr. Sun Jae-gyu! Mr. Sun!
Oh, no. Wake up!
It's Ms. Jeong Nan-hee.
You mean my mom?
I'm sure she can't come
even if she wants to.
It's not easy for a celebrity
to come here.
All the more reason
she should come and thank you.
This isn't just being irresponsible.
It's shameless.
But I'm totally fine.
I'm okay, so stop being so mad. Calm down.
Why should I do that?
Why does everyone have to put up with her
when they suffer because of her?
Don't.
Before you're a teacher,
you're Jeong Nan-hee's daughter.
"The adulterous teacher is Jeong Nan-hee's
daughter." "A scandal with a married man."
If such articles get published,
who will take the blow?
Dad.
What needs to be done needs to be done.
Bom.
Is it…
really not true?
It felt like there was
no one to lean on in the whole world.
Like I had no reason to live…
anymore.
Why didn't you tell me?
You should've told me all about it
so we could cry, get angry,
and swear together.
Why did you bottle it up so long?
There are things
that are painful just to talk about.
The one I told Mr. Choi about.
The colleague of my colleague.
That's actually about me, not a colleague.
- Let's go.
- Go where?
Let's go tell I-jun to solve it.
Just as you once told me,
what needs to be done needs to be done.
Let's go.
Darn it.
You must be busy,
yet you're trying to help.
Thank you so much, Mr. Choi.
I should've confessed my feelings then.
You shouldn't
confess your feelings rashly.
You know, I did something similar
not long ago…
Seriously, where on earth did they go?
Mr. Choi.
Have you seen my cap and black hoodie
that I leave in the office?
I swear I put them here.
- There! My cap and hoodie!
- Hey…
By the way, when did you come down here?
Are you still here?
Are you really not leaving?
I almost left this world
in a car accident. Happy?
Again?
Are you all right? Are you hurt?
I'm not hurt.
But Sun Jae-gyu is.
Han-gyul's uncle?
He saved me from getting hit by a car.
If it weren't for him,
my photo would be either on the front page
of the newspaper or in the obituaries.
He sure is amazing.
No, he's the problem. He is.
Anyway, Mr. Choi,
you told me he ran off with your money
and that he was your archenemy.
Is that really true?
What do you mean?
I mean, what you told me
is so different from what I've heard
about him from other people.
Still, it's such a relief that he's okay.
Gosh, you're right.
My heart sank when I heard it.
I just don't get
why you worry so much about him.
Principal.
Have you forgotten how he made a fuss
at school on the snowy day?
Mr. Jeong, have you forgotten
he's nothing but a thug
that hangs out with those big guys?
Come on, they're not thugs.
The guys that hang out with him
all train at my jiu jitsu gym.
They may be big and look like thugs,
but they're good guys who love tteokbokki
and jjolmyeon. Don't get them wrong.
He's right. They're really good guys.
And remember how he lifted a car
in front of my place?
Turns out he did it for a fire truck.
There was a fire, but it couldn't get in
because of the illegally parked car.
I heard this from the nurse at the vet's.
When he was shoveling in the woods,
it was to save the dog
buried by the landslide.
You mean Bom-sik?
How about your story? Is it true?
What do you mean?
The scar on your palm,
was it really Mr. Sun's doing?
- Where's the restroom?
- That way.
I'll be back.
Just tell us.
- Come on.
- Mr. Hong.
Are you doubting me right now?
Am I doubting you?
Or are you slandering Sun Jae-gyu?
Tell me.
You didn't speak ill of him to me
on purpose, did you?
What?
You know, when you like someone,
sometimes you get jealous and twisted.
You wanted to win Bom over,
but when you realized
you had no chance against him…
Everyone's being fooled!
You asked me
what kind of person Sun Jae-gyu is?
Jae-gyu is…
What about Jae-gyu?
What about Sun Jae-gyu, the son?
That jerk is…
He must've run off.
Watch what you say.
You don't know what happened.
I saw it.
In front of the underpass, a guy this big
was running with a baby on his back.
I saw it.
Are you saying the son ran off
after setting the house on fire?
The father comes home wasted every day
and beats the son up.
So how can he be in his right mind?
I wouldn't put up with it.
If I stayed home,
one of two things would happen, so I left.
Either he'd end up killing me…
or I'd end up killing him.
Sun Jae-gyu, that jerk…
killed his own father!
What…
What are you talking about?
Sir.
Mr. Choi.
There.
How did it go? How about Bom?
Did you see her? Is she doing okay?
- Nothing's wrong, right?
- Honey.
Let me get some sleep first.
Of course.
Ms. Bom.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner.
I've been running Ms. Jeong's fancafe
as her fan for a long time.
I finally get it.
Why you opened your office
in the countryside
and how my mom knew everything about me.
I admit I've been telling Ms. Jeong
how you were doing,
but I swear
I didn't approach you on purpose.
The day Se-jin came to Seoul,
I happened to find out where you lived,
and it made me worry
about you living here alone.
I thought it was a good chance
to help you two make up.
That's why you kept
sending me the documents.
Since you knew
what I'd gone through in Seoul.
I understand why you're offended.
But still,
I wanted to help you clear your name.
What about Mr. Sun, then?
What was your intention
when you slandered him like that?
Slander?
Do you think so too?
That I…
slandered Jae-gyu?
Sun Jae-gyu, that jerk…
killed his own father!
Jae-gyu…
Did you eat?
MS. YOON BOM
Turns out Mr. Choi is the president
of my mom's fancafe.
Gosh, no wonder she knew exactly
how I was doing.
The baeksuk too.
Mr. Choi didn't make it.
He just delivered what my dad made.
Should we just go back?
Why aren't you asking?
If you heard something like that
from I-jun,
you should ask me if it's true.
Why are you holding back?
I'm not holding back.
I trust you.
Ms. Bom...
listen carefully to…
what I'm about to say.
My father…
I killed him.
I guess God left me this scar
so I wouldn't forget my sin.
You've been looking
at your phone for days.
The one who asked me about Bom…
Strangely enough,
I see him everywhere I go lately.
Hello?
Reporters might come for you, Ms. Bom,
so go straight home.
Turn off your phone now.
Don't read any comments.
What do you mean?
He told me to tell you not to worry
and to give you this.
It might become a long day.
Translated by Wayne Ryu